Dear Ganesan,

Thanks for your time today. As I mentioned in our conversation, I would like to formally request you to nominate myself for promotion to the position of Manager. I have been in my current position for more than 3 years, and I will be completing 10 years in Cognizant by the end of this month. I believe that my experience, achievements and skills learned from my current position make me eligible for promotion to the next level.

Here are some of my key achievements from my current position that I feel qualifies me for this promotion.

Project Deliveries
Exceptionally delivered SAML based Global SSO Integration for RM Workbench application to migrate from legacy infrastructure, and seamlessly migrated more than 500 RM users to Bank's Global SSO Infrastructure using Spring Boot Batch User Migration solution.
Efficiently delivered RM Workbench Asia Enhancement to migrate Legacy E-Banking complex functionalities to RM Workbench application.
Commendably delivered the Private Client Self-User Migration project to migrate Private Client users from legacy E-Banking to the new Digital Hub E-Banking with E2EE encryption.
Successfully delivered Banking Secrecy solution to incorporate Password Protection for E-Banking Asset and Account PDF Statements.
Seamlessly upgraded Java Script Libraries to the latest versions to mitigate the Vulnerabilities Risk for external-facing E-Banking application.
Successfully delivered numerous Run the Bank projects for E-Banking, IIL and Workbench applications.
Accolades
Earned client appreciations on the presentation of Private Client Self-User Migration Journey Demo delivered to the Front Office and relevant stakeholders.
Received recognition from stakeholders on several occasions in the comprehensive root cause analysis given for numerous critical production incidents.
Received multiple recognitions from the IT Project Management Team on the way of publishing the quality deliverables and test scopes to the team.
Received continuous recognitions from IT Asia Head on the quality of the documentations presented on the Project's Solution Approach and Technical Documentations.
Presented the winning prototype pitch of the F10 Hackathon Singapore 2019 at the F10 Meetup organized by Mbanq LABS [link - https://www.linkedin.com/posts/mohamed-yusuff-m_f10hackathonsingapore-hackathon-fintech-activity-6587216211422130176-LLt3].
Trainings & Certifications
Successfully completed "Node with React: Full stack Web Development" Certification in MongoDB / Express / React / Node stack.
Commendably accredited as a Cognizant Full-stack Engineer in Java / Spring Boot / Angular / Docker stack.
Successfully completed SAFe 5 Scaled Agile Certification Course.
Completed all mandatory learnings on time as per Cognizant's and Client's policy, and helped to track team members' learning completion.
Organizational Contributions
Written a blog post on Bank's internal communication channel about "How to setup Multiple Monitor on Citrix Remote Desktop", and earned recognition at IT Asia Townhall.
Conducted various knowledge transfer sessions on E-Banking end-to-end functionalities to New Joiners and Level 1 and Level 2 Support Teams.
Precisely created a comprehensive New-joiner Onboarding User guide manual for E-Banking application.
Volunteering
Proud Member of Cognizant's Cultural Committee, and volunteered in various events including Cognizant's Dinner and Dance 2019.
Conducted several face-to-face and telephonic interviews to screen Full stack developers for Cognizant and Client organization.
I believe the accomplishments and feedback above shows that I am eligible for greater responsibilities in my next position, and I look forward to hearing from you.

Thanks again for your time and consideration.

Sincerely,
Mohamed Yusuff
